so this is the est that we'll be using
on our little project as you can see
it's the turnigy century 40 amp and it
came in at 20 dollars and 91 cents if
you're keeping track of the cost of this
little build and the reason I chose the
century over the plush version also
offered by turnigy is because that this
one comes with a switching VEC whereas
the plush comes with a linear BGC
another feature that this one has over
that plush is that it comes with the
ability to monitor the cell voltage
across all cells in your lipo as
evidenced by the balanced ports that you
see off to the left here now I'm not
going to use this feature for two
reasons one because I balanced charge my
batteries after every run and because
the wire running from them from the ESC
to the balanced port is not long enough
to reach from the battery compartment to
where I'm going to be mounting the ESC
which is within the cowl underneath the
motor this is just a closer look at the
motor we'll be using in this project
it's the Eternity 35 36 1100 kV motor
and all I'm really hoping from this
motor is that it will help me achieve
shorter takeoffs it should be ample
power for that and also give me a good
climb rate this is the servo we'll be
using in the project it's all of two
dollars and sixty nine cents each it's
the nine ground servo from hobbyking and
it's kind of hard to believe that you
can put six of these into a plane for a
total of sixteen dollars and change so
if you want to build on a budget it
doesn't get much cheaper than this
there's enough content out there on the
internet from people that rave about
these things that I'm not terribly
worried about them I did hook several of
them up and they all seemed to Center
fairly well I've got two installed
already one for the elevator and one for
and they moved the control services just
fine well if you want to build a project
on a budget there's no better place than
to start with a $7 and 95 Sentra Seaver
this is the hobbyking 6 channel spectrum
clone and i'm really looking forward to
giving this a try I am obviously worried
about it as I am sure many others are
especially when you invest a lot of time
and effort into putting a plane up into
the air you want to make sure you can
get it back well I feel a lot better now
after talking to a friend of mine who
has three of these in some of his planes
and he he reports back that there's been
absolutely no issues and that they work
just great
he's even flown one plane pretty much
out of sight and had no trouble
whatsoever so I I hoped it up to a radio
and I was able to bind it right away to
my dx7 and I operated some servos with
that there doesn't seem to be any
glitching and so I'm really looking
forward to giving this a try because
yeah if they work as well as I'm hoping
they're going to what a great score at
$7.95 to the left is the 3-inch Toubro
superlight that I had planned on using
for this project and sitting beside it
is the stock wheel and tire combination
that comes with the Super Cub so you can
see there's quite a dramatic difference
in terms of size and I think it's going
to help give it that bush play look that
we're after I will share with you that I
have ordered a set of the Eppler foam
wheels that come on the multiplex fun
cub and when they get here if I can get
them to work I think I might substitute
them for the super lights and use these
on another project because I want to go
as big and ugly as I can on these I
think this $7 programming card from
turnigy is worthy of an honorable
mention it's already been worth it for
me because I was able to go in and
eliminate the dreadful music that plays
when you hook the battery up to the ESC
and it's very similar in function to the
field programming card from castle for
the castle
es es the most excellent line of es es
mi dad and I just thought what the heck
for seven bucks it can't be a bad deal